Add more refactoring bindings to Python mode (#208)
VSpaceCode/VSpaceCode: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - New refactoring bindings in Python major mode: `r v` to extract variable and
>   `r m` to extract method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add additional refactoring bindings in Python major mode
  + `r v` to extract variable
  + `r m` to extract method
```
Nit: How about something like that?
